a showcase Tigers Christmas and 10th
anniversary sweets forest heartful
sweets Christmas
oh my gosh this berry pie is $150 this
is the priority queue these are their
special Christmas cakes this does not
look like sweets what is this
so I stopped here by myself because we
really cared and I wanted to come before
I must have the elbow it's actually
really neat in here I got this awesome -
strawberry moment this was 518 with
tucks but it looks pretty big it's all
hard chick so it's extra sad that it
came here by myself but with me you've
got like a mirror right here sky painted
onto the ceiling and pink trees
it's really good oh it's really good
it's not like super super sweet we've
got a little bit of the tangy flavor to
it so this is where I ate at Very Berry
and there are a whole bunch of little
stores here but you can come and eat at
there's so many mirrors kind of
confusing oh here's the 10th anniversary
limited sweets shop they're so cute
oh my gosh there's so many places I mean
it's a little waffle place I should have
waited until I got in here to pick
something out to eat I just grabbed
something for the very first shop a
chocolatier oh and there's a restaurant
- I guess you leave a different way than
you came in I was so confused with all
the mirrors it's kind of like a funhouse
and of course ketchup on at the end
really enjoyed my stay at sweets Forest
with people who have lived here and with
people who came here for sweets we share
time happiness and blessings of enjoys
sweets as magical gift from the forest
I left sweets forest with fragment of
dream and wish to come back again
oh and
there are terrorist seats up on the top
let's see what they're like oh I guess
you can come up here to eat
it doesn't have the cute little pink
trees though Oh huh and over there you
can come back to this little secluded
area this is adorable I've got their
flowers here in the spring yeah I kind I
came during the winter so this is kind
of a bad time to come but oh look they
show you all the roses so I bet this is
really beautiful during the spring